This repository contains all of the school projects done throughout my education at the School Of Electrical Engineering, a part of the University of Belgrade, Serbia.
Each one of the archives contains the source code for one project:
  - ASP_DomaciZadatak.rar: Connect Four game analyzer, which uses MINIMAX method to determine which player has the advantage at which point in the match.
  - ORT2_Projekat.rar: Using a given simulator, this archive contains configuration files for a small processor - implementing its instruction set with given hardware. It also         contains a .txt file which is a program that simulates merge sort algorithm only using given processor's instruction set.
  - OS1_Projekat.rar: A small functional kernel for an OS - implemented threads (incl. asynchronous context switching), semaphores (used for securing critical sections), events       (binary semaphores) and asynchronous thread signalling.
  - OS2_Projekat.rar: A small file system - implemented partition formatting and general file system manipulation functions (creating a file, reading a file, writing to a file,       deleting a file, etc.)
  - OTR_Domaci.rar: A program simulating data channeling - encoding data (Huffmax trees), data protection (repeating code), running encoded and protected data through a channel       with an error rate, decrypting data (by majority) and decoding data. Program returns probability of a wrongly decoded and decrypted character within the input string, for a       given data channel error rate.
  - PIA_Project.zip: Web application for farmers and agricultural companies - implemented registration and login with different user types, maintaining farmer fields and an online store for companies to sell their products to farmers.
  - SS_Project.rar: One-time-pass assembly with backtracking which produces an x86 based object file (in .txt format), ready for further linking/loading.
  - USP_Project.rar: Web application for smarter border crossing control which tries to reduce congestions by directing users to different borders in order to reduce their waiting     time.
  - IS_Homework_2.rar: An exam scheduler based on a given set of exams, available rooms and a period. Scheduler uses backtracking algorithm with forward checking in order to lower the run time.
  - MJCompiler.zip: A Mikrojava compiler that includes lexographic analysis, syntax analysis, semantic analysis and code generation. Based on a Microjava program, compiler             generates an executable (on the Microjava VM) byte code. (supports basic operations, if statements with multiple conditions and efficient condition checking, do while loop,       function calling, switch statements, classes and objects including forming a table of virtual functions, inheritance, method overriding and supstitution) 
